feat(website): new documentation (#1048)
algolia/docsearch: packages/website/versioned_docs/version-legacy/how-do-we-build-an-index.mdx

  alt="5th step"
/>

> Base on the position within the flow, we nest elements as much as possible to keep the context and incerease the relevancy.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Based on the position within the flow, we nest elements as much as possible to keep the context and increase the relevancy.
```
